hi friends I'm Chambliss now namaskar
and welcome to phase out today I am
going to make moody Haunter recipe for
you traditionally it cooks with a little
fish head but today I'm going to cook it
with millet head so let's get started
here I have one cup of cube potatoes
which I have already add some salt and
turmeric powder and here is a mullet
fish head into it also I have already
added some salt and turmeric powder and
we need bay leaves dry red chilli cashew
nuts and some raisin cinnamon stick
clove green cardamom means or Java 3
nutmeg powder cumin seeds and here I
have some onion paste ghee and here I
have 1 and 1/2 TSP of cumin powder 1 TSP
of ginger paste 1/2 TSP of turmeric
powder 1 TSP of red chili powder salt
and here I have some collagen arise
approximately 2 tbsp of collisional eyes
which I have soaked into water for 1
hour and we need also some chopped
tomatoes but we don't have that strong
so I'm using this dies or can tomato
now take a cooking pot into eat heat
some oil first I'll try this potato
now take off from this all into the same
oil I am going to add this fish head
cover it and fry in the meantime we'll
make this paste will add some salt and
all these spices into this tomatoes mix
it and keep it aside for few minutes so
here is our fried fish head now the same
all I am going to add this cumin seeds
Bailey dry red chili means and rest of
the spices then I'll add approximately
coat teaspoon of Sonia
our onion is done now we'll add this
ecology dollars and fried
now we will add this masala paste
now we will add this fish here this fish
dinners and raising and give it a go to
mates add this put others and give it a
very good mix where you apply all the
spices and potatoes tips tips to eat
frequently now you can see all the
separating from this masala now relax
heat and this not wick powder hit it and
also approximately one cup of water
I guess we need some more water
so this
cover it and cook it for three to four
minutes then it will be ready to sum so
much capacity of Oregon dough is ready
you can serve it with white hot rice
try it in your kitchen and let me know
and please keep posting your comments
and state unit Freeza to explore your
known foot and a different trend
till then